>> Evan You: So
let's move onto the next exercise and
it's going to be very similar, but
with slightly different requirements.
So 3.2.
Instead of dynamically rendering tags,
we're now trying to dynamically
render different components.
So the goal is to first implement
two very simple components, Foo and
Bar, and
all that you should render is just Foo and
Bar inside a div, and
do that with a render function obviously.
And next we're again going to
implement an example component.
And this time this example component
is going to take an ok prompt.
If ok is true, this example component
will simply render the Foo component.
And if ok is false,
it'll render the Bar component.
And then in the root component,
we want a button that allows us
to toggle between Foo and Bar.
And the boiler plate looks like this.